README.md, before:

# Library-Of-Babel
A curation of knowledge from the corners of the universe.

## Byte-Sized Reads
If you're bored, pick these up. One article at a time?
- https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/118703/where-did-the-notion-of-one-return-only-come-from | Where did the notion of _only one return statement_ come from?
- https://nee.lv/2021/02/28/How-I-cut-GTA-Online-loading-times-by-70/ | Interesting read on how reverse-engineering GTA Online eventually lead to a solution to cut loading times for the game by 70%. Rockstar later implemented the fix.
- https://darkcoding.net/software/facebooks-code-quality-problem/ | Facebook's apparently negligient on code-quality, or used to be.
- https://www.tedinski.com/2018/03/13/how-compilers-are-designed.html | Compiler Design
- https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-programming-language-pipeline-91d3f449c919/ | "I wrote a programming language, here's how you can too."
- https://hackernoon.com/objects-vs-data-structures-e380b962c1d2 | Are Java _Objects_ OOP objects? Objects v/s Data Structures
  

## Links/Resources
- https://sourcery.pwnadventure.com/ | Basically, a CTF top-down perspective game that requires you to solve puzzles using Assembly.
- https://ops-class.org/ | Operating Systems Lectures, Slides
- https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x | Build your own X (not Twitter) - a list of project ideas basically to do when you're bored.
- https://gobyexample.com/ | Resource for GoLang 
- https://blog.regehr.org/archives/213 | A guide to _undefined behaviour_ in C and C++
- https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/ | Operating System: Three Easy Steps
- https://linuxjourney.com/ | Working in Linux
- https://aosabook.org/en/ | Architecture of Open Source Applications
- https://sadservers.com/ | LeetCode but for SysAds and for fixing servers
  

## Blogs
Note: the generalization about the contents of the blog may be misleading - personal blogs are very random.
- https://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/archive/ | Author of _Game Programming Patterns_ and _Crafting Interpreters_.
- https://darkcoding.net/ | Articles on stuff in Rust, Go, Linux, C and so on.
- https://fabiensanglard.net/ | Linux, Compilers, and so on.
- https://www.techyourchance.com/ | Android Development stuff
- https://www.tedinski.com/archive/ | Design Principles/Programming Languages/Programming Concepts

## Books
- https://github.com/tuhdo/os01 | Operating Systems: From 0 to 1 | Teaches you how to make your own operating system from scratch (using C). Kind of where CS and ECE domains intersect.

## YouTube 
- https://www.youtube.com/@LowLevelLearning | Low Level Learning, a good channel about general low level stuff 

## Tools
- https://randoma11y.com/ | Color generator that generates a contrasting color along with the color you selected. Very good for themeing.

Commit message:

feat: dump#2
fix: switched OStep and AOSA to a more suitable category

README.md, after:

# Library-Of-Babel
A curation of knowledge from the corners of the universe.

## Byte-Sized Reads
If you're bored, pick these up. One article at a time?
- https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/118703/where-did-the-notion-of-one-return-only-come-from | Where did the notion of _only one return statement_ come from?
- https://nee.lv/2021/02/28/How-I-cut-GTA-Online-loading-times-by-70/ | Interesting read on how reverse-engineering GTA Online eventually lead to a solution to cut loading times for the game by 70%. Rockstar later implemented the fix.
- https://darkcoding.net/software/facebooks-code-quality-problem/ | Facebook's apparently negligient on code-quality, or used to be.
- https://www.tedinski.com/2018/03/13/how-compilers-are-designed.html | Compiler Design
- https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-programming-language-pipeline-91d3f449c919/ | "I wrote a programming language, here's how you can too."
- https://hackernoon.com/objects-vs-data-structures-e380b962c1d2 | Are Java _Objects_ OOP objects? Objects v/s Data Structures
- https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/ | What you should know about Unicode and Character-Sets
- https://medium.com/basecs/spinning-around-in-cycles-with-directed-acyclic-graphs-a233496d4688 | Good read on DAGs
  -https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iL0fYmMmariFoSvLd9U5nPVH1uFKC7bvVasUcYq78So/edit#heading=h.goxd7kpxzjw3 | More of a rant on OSI Model, worth a read
- https://www.levels.fyi/blog/scaling-to-millions-with-google-sheets.html | Scaling using only AWS/Sheets, no database or server. Absolute madlads
  

## Links/Resources
- https://sourcery.pwnadventure.com/ | Basically, a CTF top-down perspective game that requires you to solve puzzles using Assembly.
- https://ops-class.org/ | Operating Systems Lectures, Slides
- https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x | Build your own X (not Twitter) - a list of project ideas basically to do when you're bored.
- https://gobyexample.com/ | Resource for GoLang 
- https://blog.regehr.org/archives/213 | A guide to _undefined behaviour_ in C and C++
- https://linuxjourney.com/ | Working in Linux
- https://sadservers.com/ | LeetCode but for SysAds and for fixing servers
- https://github.com/mhinz/vim-galore | All things Vim
- https://raytracing.github.io/ | RayTracing implemented in C++. A series of three books that takes you to a journey of implementing RayTracing

## Blogs
Note: the generalization about the contents of the blog may be misleading - personal blogs are very random.
- https://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/archive/ | Author of _Game Programming Patterns_ and _Crafting Interpreters_.
- https://darkcoding.net/ | Articles on stuff in Rust, Go, Linux, C and so on.
- https://fabiensanglard.net/ | Linux, Compilers, and so on.
- https://www.techyourchance.com/ | Android Development stuff
- https://www.tedinski.com/archive/ | Design Principles/Programming Languages/Programming Concepts
- https://news.ycombinator.com/ | HackerNews, a social-news website focusing on Computer Science.
- https://www.joelonsoftware.com/ | Blog by founder of Stack Overflow
- https://lists.eatonphil.com/blogs.html | Blog of Blogs? Some of the blogs listed seem really nice

## Books
- https://github.com/tuhdo/os01 | Operating Systems: From 0 to 1 | Teaches you how to make your own operating system from scratch (using C). Kind of where CS and ECE domains intersect.
- https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/ | Operating System: Three Easy Steps
- https://aosabook.org/en/ | Architecture of Open Source Applications

## YouTube 
- https://www.youtube.com/@LowLevelLearning | Low Level Learning, a good channel about general low level stuff 
- https://www.youtube.com/@crr0ww/videos | Videos on Hacking/Malware Development
- https://www.youtube.com/@hnasr/videos | Videos on Software topics, very good

## Tools
- https://randoma11y.com/ | Color generator that generates a contrasting color along with the color you selected. Very good for themeing.
